Removed H4s (#1379)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/progressive-web-apps-chromium/whats-new/pwa.md

## Streamlined app-info menus

> When a user selects the **Settings** (**...**) menu in the app's title bar, the _app info_ menu is shown. We've updated this menu and streamlined the experience for the user in the following ways:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a user selects the **Settings** (**...**) menu in the app's title bar, the **App info** menu is displayed.  We've updated the **App info** menu and streamlined the user experience in the following ways, to provide a user experience that's more like a desktop app than a browser UI:
```

*  Moved the app publisher information to the top level and made it the first thing a user sees.

   :::image type="complex" source="media/app-info.png" alt-text="The new, streamlined app-info menu" lightbox="media/app-info.png":::
      The new, streamlined app-info menu
   :::image-end:::

*  Moved the privacy information and controls into a dedicated 2nd-level **Privacy** menu.

   :::image type="complex" source="media/privacy-menu.png" alt-text="Privacy controls in the dedicated Privacy menu" lightbox="media/privacy-menu.png":::
      Privacy controls in the dedicated **Privacy** menu
   :::image-end:::

*  Moved content-related tools into a dedicated 2nd-level **More tools** menu.

   :::image type="complex" source="media/more-tools.png" alt-text="Content-related tools are now found in the More Tools menu" lightbox="media/more-tools.png":::
      Content-related tools are now found in the **More tools** menu
   :::image-end:::

> These changes make the **Settings** menu provide a user experience that's more like a desktop app than a browser UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

When a user selects the **Settings** (**...**) menu in the app's title bar, the _app info_ menu is shown. We've updated this menu and streamlined the experience for the user in the following ways:
* Moved the app publisher information to the top level and made it the first thing a user sees.

> :::image type="complex" source="media/app-info.png" alt-text="The new, streamlined app-info menu" lightbox="media/app-info.png":::

Reviewer: Add leading spaces to indent the images, to be presented as a child of each list item.   
- For list items, in my experiment, I put * in column 1, then text of the list item started ~column 4.
- For each image, I selected all lines of an image and pressed Tab key to add maybe 4 leading spaces, to match the indent of the text of the list item.  
Then I viewed Preview in VS Code (Sh+Ctrl+V) and it looked good there.

Author: Ok updated.
